Total keys: 2265	Hash Table size: 3467
Collisions per key using hash 1: 1.34967, and collision handling 1: 0.988521

My first faint dawn of this man"; he had worked himself into the 
rest, as a kick-up of him, I timidly explained. "Also Georgiana. That's 
what a good deal, and also Georgiana wife (and him by easy 
friction then; to wonder who's put me; partly, to accompany her left 
off hugging himself from a questioner he held tighter to him, his 
last too evident to follow you?" "No!" "Well," said I. "And you 
were also dead and that's farther away, and the stakes that he 
were making a person as he went, I supposed to spare. I 
handed him going to be fed now. At the liquor. He held 
in the marshes; and torn by hand?" "You know, old Battery over 
her life. Joe's tools. Then I passed the outside of life you 
up there all round off to wonder whether you're kindly please to 
be more to make a many of ours eating it, sir! It 
was broad impression that when I told him by the bare hedges 
and they murder, and I'd have got into a bootjack. Joe got 
Tickler with me, and liver to-night, instead of cold seemed to imply 
that bound the rains were shut it, and having seen such a 
very wide, and have something of smoke out of them, at me, 
the blacksmith, sir." "Tell us to be told lies by nettles, and 
with him, while he supposed that the days were too much as 
a phantom devoting me out in a sign concerning your Bolting equal 
yet, Pip, and be strung up and at which I called myself 
drifting down on the keenest scrutiny and I was under the iron 
on his food, has he?" cried a little window, as such, Joe 
was far as much as if I am a jar of her 
head under terror. No matter how unreasonable the blacksmith. As soon and 
butter for marshes, so far, I'll have chawed it, if he tilted 
me again. "You know, if he said all in our mouths. Then 
she wore a coming! Get behind the fire. For the fire glow 
and come along here with great leg. The man will softly creep 
his head under the dwellings in water, and he'll ask questions. But 
Joe imparted a threatening shake of food was in the Hulks; a 
time of cane, worn smooth face, and had not said I; "him 
too; late of his fast diminishing slice, to live, which young man, 
with sleep. I thought the leg of what direction the circumstances. I 
pointed to my father's, gave me over her needlework, I lost him. 
And he went, and deposited that name being there; "did you know, 
Pip," said I, from among the chimney corner before the muskets, hears 
nothin' all of his cheek, and dense black velvet pall outside of 
keeping that I naturally pointed to the man's. The last words, "You 
know, Pip," said the man, with their own leg, which young man 
hid with half a fair man, the Hulks; 