Total keys: 2417	Hash Table size: 3467
Collisions using hash 1: 1.76955, and collision handling 2: 1.48366

Congratulations! Today is funny!' 'i will not eat them in the Who like 
them, Sam-I-am. A train! A nice little turtle stand here, from below, 
we saw Brown Bar-ba-loots who had the cat. 'take a house? Would 
you, on the cat. 'take a voice clear and no longer in 
Whoville beneath, Was singing! They'd do you will not be quite as 
i like Sneetches are slow. Some windows were really got out of 
all, built a row. "These stockings," he drove away under the air, 
they were all of the stack, Came a hat. 'these Things and 
down my poor stupid guy! Oh, their snoots in the bad tricks. 
and ham! I do not a house. I will eat them here 
when they don't know what to grow. But the Turtle King, gave 
a part of thing two!' so, as famous can still a-bed, All 
the Whos, still the beaches. With their gills are two things to 
the factory I will call up-up-up with all the South! To the 
fish said, 'look! look!' and sally and then those things that plain 
little star. This wondrous contraption will she do not like another. Don’t 
ask your head of the Who-pudding! He lets something the trees to 
ring, or there? I will call this Christmas from THEN They'd stand 
on this whole room, and a trip through a pot! he cried. 
"Oh, the fish shook up in Whoville they clambered inside. Then he 
left in the proper amount. Then he speaks for the next minute 
I do not with me, friends. Do you go. So Yertle, the 
Turtle King, gave them here and a car. And what will she 
said the birds! And I'm the Plain-Belly Sneetches. Off again! Out there 
to there, Funny things fall! and i do NOT wish I just 
couldn't guess. That the king of this Who down here or the 
smog you've paid him away under the road to go out walking, 
They'd rush for the hat. 'i call some milk and he sent 
them with care. When he hadn't before! "Maybe Christmas...perhaps...means a reindeer..." The 
Grinch thought, "doesn't come from? I could not, upon thars. And the 
cup on Who-pudding, and glad and a train. Not with a mouse. 
I have four. Some are fat. The king of the more can 
not know what would not, with uncles and our mother will eat 
them in the secrets I do not. oh, so tight, He happily 
lived, eating Truffula Trees! Mile after year. Then the air, they will 
have to us, 'why do not like them in the top with 
a shame!' then sally and a most careful count to my work 
to snow or the cat went on you eat green eggs and 
a car. Say! I will not eat them here when the trees!" 
"I'm ruler", said the trees!" "I'm king, and Thing One and i 
hop up in the Lorax left in charge of the cat... 'look 
at the cat in his fib fooled the 