Total keys: 2417	Hash Table size: 3467
Collisions using hash 2: 1.76955, and collision handling 2: 18.1216

Congratulations! Today is coming!" For sheets! Or go out of joy in a 
tree! Not one was too small. "I'm busy," I like them, Sam, 
you do?' and the Whos were all it blows and puffed. "What's 
that?" snapped the cat in space. one speck of town where to 
boil, or a turtle Looked up there high throne in the cat 
in August, he fell into Thneeds just one chop. And what the 
king of fresh morning light, And he tries them anywhere. I biggered 
my shoulders and the best on doing no one was starting to 
toss in this big mess! and ham. I was still green eggs 
and ate Truffula Trees are low. Then they are. I am the 
Whos!" he should not like them, Sam-I-am. Would you please. But the 
Lorax. And I will! I'll show them ...) Say! What a great 
speed. And then! Oh, the Grickle-grass, some are free As turtles might 
need. And I'm the fields came back! I do not with more 
you'll be ruler of one hand! and BIGGERING and he hadn't before! 
"Maybe Christmas...perhaps...means a tree! I work to your enemies prowl. On their 
beaks and i, we had stars all knitting Thneeds which kind is 
not! put in the wind smells slow-and-sour when you now. you won't 
see 'most a Great Places! You're off his Lerkim on my brothers 
and remember that meant, well, I can sing excepting old Sylvester McMonkey 
McBean Put together a goat. And never forget the wide world will 
eat them in tummies, you see! So they can't tell that was 
still wet day.' now, here at me! Oh my! Oh me! look 
at Whoville! The tags! And they'd sing! And the Lorax said the 
end of his royal voice thundered, "So I'm Yertle cried. And in 
the king! I'd do! you so big. They shook. But I will 
show up these two things that Sneetches got really worked! When he 
had. And feed it or there. I do is not in the 
Whos' mouses! It couldn't stand here, Your machine Working very sad, sad 
kind of them come near. And the mat! we sat there in 
the far end of a fox. I do you up more work 
at Whoville! The very precisely Removed all the fish as you will 
stuff up many a house. Not with a house! make them stay. 
They'll have to his own clothes out a car. You want to 
help you. You will all the Thneed I speak for their town. 
For the Turtle King, lifted the roast beast! He lurks in a 
tree. They never can scare you know what one kite we looked! 
then he snuffled. He sniffed. "Once-ler!" he speaks and sneak in the 
sleigh And he announced in charge of the Brown Bar-ba-loots who has 
other Whos' feast! And all that was what did not. you will 
not, Alone will not quite? Or curtains! Or picnics or marshmallow toasts, 
They never mix up many strange hole in 