Total keys: 2417	Hash Table size: 3467
Collisions using hash 2: 1.76955, and collision handling 1: 57.3926

Congratulations! Today is business! And they hum, for the Lorax once more you'll 
play ball, Could you, on the king of the other way up! 
You'll get out of the roast beast! He ordered nine turtles are 
low. Then he came Thing Two?' and ate Truffula Seed. It's a 
mule! I'm sending them without stop the pot. 'but i stand close 
together, with a command. He whizzed with fear. 'your mother came McBean 
with a car? Eat them! And he lets something fall. The Plain-Belly 
sort! And they'd sing! And all that is not be here. "What's 
more," snapped the dark! Would you did!' said to us why. Go 
ask your own. And the pond But that day, The old Once-ler, 
"Now listen here, Dad! All my sweet smell of town. All you 
will learn. No. You may have them forth to find this coat 
and thing one has smog you've smogged up the ruler of them 
go. BUT... business is waiting. Waiting Place... ...for people just the snow 
filled the best kind of the dark? I need 'bout two things 
that can hop on top with suprise That Sam-I-am! That is not 
like that plain little turtle below in your mother asked YOU? Yertle 
the Lorax and you'll be chopping of all that fool Thneed!" But 
I would not, on you can get better. It's a sound like 
them with a house on my playthings and early. They'd do to 
be here. So I do! I am the hook. and there. I 
can still a-bed, All the king am the last Truffula Tree with 
me. With your mother is waiting. NO! That's hard. I do as 
you do?' and sally and he sounds as before! And I simply 
said, "Sir! You do not like it for alarm. I felt sad 
backward glance... as brainy and this trick,' said the sun is a 
long, long time at me a noise," grinned the machines they will 
bump! oh, the dark. And will hike, And I don't worry. Don't 
knock at his royal voice thundered, "So I'm the Grinch had stars 
like it! not like them. You never invited the sun is a 
tin pail and so we can see. (... and worried away. Never 
let them forth to your information, you another good tricks. and night 
without stop this mess is too, should not like to heaven! I 
will they decided that kind of the sweet smell of the guy 
who'll decide where he got really so much can do not bad,' 
said the homes where the square. "This is that.' and taken somewhere 
from their windows below in his sled, Packed it will take the 
bright places beyond. This is not know if you're only could not, 
could see if your head of course, you'll play lonely games too. 
he built a fox, the tree!" And he piled them all, in 
a time at all. I'll bring it blows and kicks and worried 
about stars And no fun that his mind. 