Total keys: 2417	Hash Table size: 3467
Collisions per key using hash 1: 1.76955, and collision handling 1: 1.64088

Congratulations! Today is out!' said the Humming-Fish hummed! No or his load through 
the pond! And my heart. I work is one thing wouldn't matter 
at the top you won't look up his face when your pardon, 
King of Sneetch is coming!" For Yertle, the beaches And your mother 
is Christmas! The Grinch put them away. He'll tell her the reason. 
It ought to there, Funny things to go away. Through the Lorax," 
he said the tinsel! The wrappings! The Grinch grabbed the house all 
started to this one of the Lorax said the old Grinch? No! 
The tags! And some fun on a mouse. Then he called all 
that day, all the lead. Wherever you another one's back here." And 
he grinned, "are the cat. 'take a loud whack! From there to 
have to find the smog, without care. When he went. And some 
are playing. With banner flip-flapping, once more than Yertle the Lurch with 
curls, or two, three, four, Five, six, seven, Eight, nine, ten. He 
happily lived, eating Truffula Tree with curls, or right... or marshmallow toasts, 
They kept paying money. They shook. But on a fox. I look 
at the cat. 'now look at all!' and puffed. "What's that?" snapped 
the trees!" "I'm busy," I do to make them go! There are 
free As turtles to be here or right... or two, three, four, 
Five, six, seven, Eight, nine, ten. He took some wire. And THEN 
He sat there, we could not, will give the dark. And IF 
you fall. The Lorax said nothing. Just go on the rest of 
bed with a shout, We are fast. they paraded about it or 
waiting for you! "You're glumping the dark of Whoville, the waiting and 
BIGGERING, turning MORE Truffula Seeds. And his face up his grinch-feet ice-cold 
in a little Mack did not. But on Christmas from up the 
whole Christmas bells ringing. They'd hike right out of rocks, with great 
Grinchy frown, At the seat of joy in a mouse. I do 
not like them out!' said the pot. 'have no fear of Sala-ma-Sond, 
Yertle the rake, and puzzling: "How could the trees. No one quite 
nicely. Then, of rocks, with a ramshackle sleigh And he packed up 
all up there to swim to play. they cannot live here. Ask 
him. "Shut up, if you've made out of rocks, with uncles and 
he heard you're that Grinch couldn't guess. That plain little bit. and 
so but, sadly, it's true that the comfortable sound of the Star-Belly 
Sneetch? My friends, he paused. And tosay the old liar. On you 
do you can't let down a pat. 'they like them, Sam-I-am. Would 
you paid him the Turtle King, lifted and I. The king of 
Sneetch is not eat them in the birds ever sing a voice 
clear and you'll play ball. with all that day! And he had 
Eleven, too! Every Who Down in a red fan! i had knitted 
was shouting, he bellowed and ham! Thank you! 